not once read on the forums that even in summer
we are from the stove blowing warm air
tap itself is located under the hood in
the internet has a lot of information like others
hedgehog owners prefer to solve this
the problem
even electric cranes from gazelle considered
alternative solutions to this
question I decided to try you create
on audi classic Zhigulevsk option
installation extremely to the stove as it is on
you classic models
Frankly, this is not the easiest and
easy option of all
holding a black plastic hedgehog crane in
hands and appreciating the probable degree of it so
say reliability no desire u
I have no use for it
future rework
for a start I bought a vaz heater tap
classics ceramic faucet turning away two
bolt removed black plastic
Angle fitting radiator heater
water
measurements showed that the distance between
mounting holes
not the same alignment in mounting
tap from you 35 millimeters and from
water
38 millimeters vaz a crane to
radiator as it is not directly
set to still secure
tap on the radiator
There are several options you can have a little
expand the mounting holes in the faucet
to two bolt attracting tap
their regular threads twirled
water radiator can be about dinner and quite
saw through and also pull
tap directly to the radiator can be stretched
extremely to the radiator through the adapter
since the distance between the centers
there are more holes under the code socket
than the Zhiguli
radiator for 3 millimeters then with each
hand we have a half a difference
millimeter with eyelets
experimented on unnecessary for a long time and
we write the tap first option thickness
wall eyelet edges
the thinnest and part of the VAZ crane 2
and 8 millimeters can be chiseled round
file the holes in the faucet
distribute carry sides in the photo you can see
that oozing the edges just the body
metal in the countersink area
and remained though narrow but deep
lintel extreme part of the wall of the eye
will become thinner and will be approximately 1 and
3 millimeters but it will still be possible
through the puck to stretch the faucet across
planes clamps each eyelets
the second option can be quite
saw through
I do not think that the presence of thin outer
walls of eyes used to play much
more important role
than without them and accidentally move sides
faucets in this case also fail
no gum bumpers do not tighten the two
Bolt will not give will keep decided
mount tap through adapter third
option
found in the household segment of the channel with
wall thickness of 8 millimeters snapped
a small piece of 40 millimeters by 50
millimeters on the turn l 'in the center and
scratched with measuring compass two
circles with a diameter of 35 millimeters and
diameter of 38 millimeters
through the center held two lines at an angle
60 degrees to each other and drilled two
holes on a large radius in places
intersections with one line and two
holes in a small radius in places
intersections from the second line
how in this picture accidentally hit
frame
in two holes threaded for
fastening the tap to the adapter
these images show internal
side of the adapter so which will
pressed to the radiator stove in 2 smooth
Adapter holes set 2
furniture ties temporary for
visual inspection
to see if the option is real
mount tap with advanced and
cut eyes directly
to the stove radiator
I think that the distance between them is real
accordingly makes 38 millimeters
I prefer the option with a large
reliability margin option with
an adapter despite the fact that it is more
laborious here kranik looks like
bolted to adapter between tap
and an adapter installed Zhigulevskaya
rubber gasket is a sealing
gasket has
protruding rim on both sides around
central large hole one
the side lies in the recess of the central
tap holes for rim
adapter side gaskets
I had to carefully razzenkovat
holes in the adapter itself on the other
side adapter was used
plain flat rubber gasket
between the adapter and the radiator codes
sky stove already installed tap
metal inlet pipe
tap who also used together
with faucet pre bent
gas burner as the exit angle and
so slightly did not coincide with the angle under
which includes interior stove pipe yes
still due to a 60 degree bias against
clockwise hull faucets mind
its mounting through the adapter is
the discrepancy still increased and bend
the metal nipple was just
I needed this I knew the very beginning
turning the edge 120 degrees
sentinel and posting it for another
the side
from the fixing line of the oven metal
boundary pipe
would be directed almost vertically
down into the floor so it was impossible to tap
installed on the classic VAZ
the seat is attached to the radiator stove and
invisible from the cabin the only thing
required a minimum finishing touch so it
gray plastic casing of the tunnel below
under the torpedo the crane did not give the stove a couple
centimeters right side of the casing
press against the console of the sides
rested in the crane to his small
a semicircular protrusion on the end
I neatly cut this protrusion
the process of measuring and installing faucet
apparently diligently skirted this bukovina
hand dismantle the skin completely
did not want so after
cut the area under the faucet side to
Unfortunately, she didn’t stand up straight
returned to its former position
while the glove box lid when opening
slightly touches the bukovina casing with his
lower left corner
fix her case business under
moods